toolbar:                            raised solid
toolbar.color:                      #000000
toolbar.height:			    21

toolbar.button:                     parentrelative
toolbar.button.picColor:            #1818b2
toolbar.button.pressed:             raised solid
toolbar.button.pressed.color:       #000000

toolbar.label:                      sunken
toolbar.label.color:                #000000
toolbar.label.textColor:            #b2b2b2

toolbar.windowLabel:                sunken
toolbar.windowLabel.color:          #000000
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor:      #b2b2b2

toolbar.clock:                      sunken
toolbar.clock.color:                #000000
toolbar.clock.textColor:            #1818b2

menu.title:                         flat
menu.title.color:                   #000000
menu.title.textColor:               #b2b2b2
menu.title.justify:                 center

menu.frame:                         flat solid bevel1
menu.frame.color:                   #000000
menu.frame.textColor:               #b2b2b2
menu.frame.justify:                 left

menu.hilite:                        flat solid bevel1
menu.hilite.textColor:              #ffffff
menu.hilite.color:                  #1818b2

menu.bullet:                        triangle
menu.bullet.position:               right

window.title.height:		    22
window.title.focus:                 flat solid
window.title.focus.color:           #000000
window.title.unfocus:               flat solid
window.title.unfocus.color:         #000000

window.label.focus:                 flat
window.label.focus.color:           #000000
window.label.focus.textColor:       #b2b2b2
window.label.unfocus:               flat solid
window.label.unfocus.color:         #000000
window.label.unfocus.textColor:     #1818b2

window.handle.focus:                flat solid
window.handle.focus.color:          #1818b2
window.handle.unfocus:              flat solid
window.handle.unfocus.color:        #1818b2

window.grip.focus:                  flat solid
window.grip.focus.color:            #1818b2
window.grip.unfocus:                flat solid
window.grip.unfocus.color:          #1818b2

window.button.focus:                parentrelative
window.button.focus.picColor:       #b2b2b2
window.button.unfocus:              parentrelative
window.button.unfocus.picColor:     #1818b2
window.button.pressed:              flat solid bevel2
window.button.pressed.color:        #000000

window.frame.focusColor:            #1818b2
window.frame.unfocusColor:          #b2b2b2

window.justify:                     center

borderColor:                        #1818b2

borderWidth:                        1
bevelWidth:                         1
handleWidth:                        0

menu.frame.font:			dejavusansmono-10
menu.title.font:			dejavusansmono-10:bold
toolbar.clock.font:			dejavusansmono-10
toolbar.workspace.font:			dejavusansmono-10
toolbar.iconbar.focused.font:		dejavusansmono-10:bold
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.font:		dejavusansmono-10
window.font:				dejavusansmono-10
